Address short review comments (#38)
UBC-MDS/teaching_responsibility: manuscript/teaching-reproducibility.Rmd

In a classroom with such students, 
you can carry out think pair share exercises around these stories 
and get the students to talk about their stories as well as hear yours.

> Think pair share exercises give students the opportunity to first reflect on their own

Reviewer: Should we define what think-pair share is here? And then cite a paper for this pedagogy?

Here's a description of it and it's history (from https://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1061947.pdf):

Think-Pair-Share is a cooperative discussion strategy
that was first developed by Professor Frank Lyman and his
colleagues at the University of Maryland in 1981. It has been
adopted by many writers in the field of cooperative learning
since then. It gets its name from the three stages of student
action, with an emphasis on what students are to be doing at
each of those stages (Marzano & Pickering, 2005). This
teaching-learning strategy works in three phases: (1) Think.
The teacher provokes students' thinking with a question,
prompt, or observation. The students should take a few
minutes just to THINK about the question; (2) Pair. Using a
partner or a desk-mate, students PAIR up to talk about the
answer each came up with. They compare their mental or
written notes and identify the answers they think are best,
most convincing, or most unique; (3) Share. After students
talk in pairs for a few minutes, the teacher calls for pairs to
SHARE their thinking with the rest of the class (Robertson,
2006). 

The citation for the original TPS pub seems to be: 

Lyman, F. (1981). The responsive classroom discussion: The inclusion of all students. In A. Anderson
(Ed.), Mainstreaming digest (pp. 109-113). University of Maryland College of Education.

Author: I added the citation and adjusted the wording of the description, but still kept it short to not interrupt the flow.

This means that each semester we teach these tools,
we need to test drive the materials before we share them with the students
to see if something has changed - as often it has.
A relatively recent example of this is from fall 2020, 
when GitHub decided to change the name of their default branch 
from master to main (rightfully so) [@__ak]. 
This change broke several of our teaching demonstrations,
guided worksheets, and lab homework.
It also caused parts of our lecture notes on this topic to have to be rewritten. 
These rewrites happens less frequently when teaching 
novice to intermediate programming for data science, 

> as that part of the data science software stack has now become fairly stable.

Reviewer: I think they asked for an example of this... We could give an example of using the data frame data structure to encode data for analysis?

and are no longer receiving grades for doing this.

One exciting technology that we have recently started incorporating
in our teaching of reproducible workflows is GitHub actions,
a tool for automating software workflows

> that are triggered when new code is pushed to a GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can be configured to be triggered by many different version control tasks, 
including pushing new code to a GitHub repository.
```
